hello again everybody it's me Eric
Ferris editor-in-chief from motherboards
org today we're going to be taking a
look at one of the latest motherboards
to hit the market this is the new
gigabyte p55 UD 5 motherboard this
motherboard is based off the new p55
express chipset and uses both the new i7
and i5 core processors based on the 1156
def socket follow along as we show you
some of the finer points of this new
motherboard
this is the new gigabyte p55 UD 55
motherboard as you can see it uses the
same as if socket as previous
motherboards only this socket is based
off the new 1156 package design the
motherboard is a very unique cooling
system cooling both the system bus and
the capacitors on the motherboard as you
can see there are four slots for your
memory unlike the previous generation
intel motherboards this motherboard goes
back to using dual channel memory and
supports up to 16 gigabytes of ddr3
there are three pci express slots for
your video card a four channel a 16
channel and an eight channel
unfortunately this board only supports
standard sli and standard crossfire it
doesn't support quad the new gigabyte
p55 you d5 can use up to 10 hard drives
since it has 10 aceite controllers the
blue controllers are based off the
satyrs one channel the white off the
zeta to the rear i love the new p55 GD 5
has some great new offerings it features
the new eSATA USB combination connector
and there are for those you can see
located here so not only do you get your
standard ps2 keyboard and mouse ports
your standard optical and coaxial
digital audio you also get this newport
this port can use any eSATA or USB 2.0
vice this is a very great thing and one
of the most interesting things I've seen
on the new chipset motherboards the
audio for this new motherboard has
brought to you by the realtek alc888 98
codec which features 7.1 high definition
audio and also features dolby digital
surround as you can see the new PT 55
you d 5 is based off a standard ATX
design this motherboard should fit in
most standard or larger enclosures
as you can see the new gigabyte p55 UD 5
has some great new features sorry that
we can't release more information or any
scores but due to NDA restraints we kind
of got a weight on this but look for the
review i think the NBA is going to break
around September 8th and at that time
we'll have a full review for all you
people out there waiting thank you